this story tells about a man who meets a
woman through a dating nap it turned out
that both of them liked each other and
decided to get married until they
finally had a cute baby the father was
very happy with his son and always
played with him but when the baby laughs
it looks terrible sharp fangs not only
fangs but the baby can also make a
horrible facial expression like an alien
this incident frightened his father but
as time went on the baby's behavior
became more and more terrible when
playing with his father he can even pop
out his eyes and remove his brain and
organs
one night the father decided to kill the
demon child
but suddenly something like an umbilical
cord tugged at his hand it turned out
that the cord came from his wife's
genitals the husband was so sad because
he had the heart to kill his biological
child and it turns out his wife is not
an ordinary human now the husband was
able to accept the condition of his wife
and child who were not normal human
beings